hey you do god this is like everywhere
hey youtube or welcome back to my
channel today is going to be a very
chatty video I feel like I haven't done
this in a while just like talked to the
camera and said hey Melissa how's it
going how's your life so yes how it's
going how's life how's everything moving
it around the comments since day's going
to be kind of a chatty video although
I'm very much aware that there's a
really loud echo I don't I don't have to
do I'm very big room but not a lot of
furnitures so there isn't much I can do
right now so I'm sorry you're just going
to have to deal with the echo for now oh
my god I'll see if I can fix the audio
somehow in post so but I do hear that
whistling that is like nicely here I
don't know what to do just ignore that
ignore sort of loud echo ignore
everything except for me okay focus on
me see already we've gone off on a
tangent this is why I don't do
unscripted things with senators like oh
look Oh anyway today I wanted to do kind
of a chitchat a video I am narrowing
down my channel to just doing makeup and
skincare primarily I wanted to
in on more natural beauty because they
feel like it's a I mean they're a lot of
really great channels out there on
YouTube but I feel like it's not I don't
know it's not really talked about I feel
like you know natural skincare and
beauty you should be talking about more
often especially clean Beauty because
we've got a lot of products out there
that are you know testing on animals
putting like gross ingredients and
chemicals into their products of them
selling them to you and then you wear
them on your face and then your face
absorbs everything because your skin is
your largest organ editor's soaks up 60%
of what you put on it so yeah let's not
put crap on our skin in our bodies so
long but that's my rant so that's kind
of what I'm doing with this channel the
point that I'm trying to get to right
now is what do you guys want me to
review like is there a product that
you've been really dying to know about
but you just haven't wanted to dish out
the money for it yet or is there like a
makeup brand that you can want to try
out but you just can't justify the
purchase for whatever reason let me know
I want to purchase it for you and try it
for you the only stimulus stimulations
stipulations would be that it is cruelty
free that it is somewhat natural like
I'm not I don't know I'm not hardcore
like everything must be absolutely
positively clean because I think in this
industry
really is nothing absolutely pure I
don't know that's our group arguable but
I just I don't believe everything is or
needs to be completely like from this
earth because I mean if you think about
it nothing around us is I mean unless
you live out in like the woods you know
that everything is completely natural
but in this modern society we do not
have everything like cut cream from this
earth so I'm not about you know being a
purist I just I want to try things that
are better for you than what they have
then a majority of things that they have
on the market so anyway I want to try
things for you guys but I need you to
let me know what you want to see so
leave me comments down below I'm like
what products you'd like to work what
products you'd like me to try out
whether that makeup of beauty I'm really
interested in delving into like natural
beauty I've always been into Korean
beauty products but I just found it very
difficult to find that cruelty-free and
all-natural stuff but now since I'm not
now but if a more recent times more
recently it's been like easier to access
that information I've also tried to
learn a little bit of Korean so I can
like read up on stuff too and also
there's ton of people that go through
that process for you where they'll you
know a few stores will look at you it's
the store if the brand is actually
cruelty-free and if they actually do use
naturally derived ingredients or natural
ingredients or you know whatever I'm
really interested in that so I know this
video doesn't really have like a this is
what I'm talking about kind of theme I
just I really wanna get to know you
more I really want to grow this channel
around a really great community and I
feel like we have the stockings of a
great community I know a lot of you and
um there are a few of you that come back
to my channel often inside just wanna
thank you thank you so much you guys are
so awesome I love seeing your comments
my youtube videos and love seeing your
comments on my Instagram feed I just
love seeing faces or if you don't have
pictures on your little iPods
I love seeing your names pop up on my
notification feed so yeah thank you
leave some more comments leave questions
whatever I just think you guys like I'm
not a big youtuber and I just I wanna
always keep that sense of like we're
sisters no we're friends just let's just
chat about makeup and beauty and just
hold that conversation I feel like a lot
of YouTube is lost in that these days a
lot of it's like I don't want to think
that annoys me about like beauty and
makeup videos is the weird faces and
they try out something but they just
like I don't know I just feel spake
everything feels fake and overdone and
even though a lot of my editing is
definitely like overdone but I
definitely try us to always be my
authentic self to always show you the
authenticity of me and just trying the
products I will I want to go to this
channel and I want to grow it on honesty
and just I don't know I'm saying that
because I'm going to say like I don't
want to do blogger mail and I'm not I'm
not saying that people who do bloggers
mail are wrong in doing so I enjoy
seeing those honest
on YouTube but I just feel like I I
don't know whether it not be sponsored
whether it be sponsor I know
youtubers and social media influencers
need to make money somehow but I want to
make sure when I tried these products
that I'm purchasing it with my own money
and like you guys would and I'm going to
give you my honest feedback regardless
of whatever like I just I don't want
anybody to have that feeling in the back
of the mind like oh but it was sponsored
do you guys know what I'm trying to say
what I'm trying to say is that I want to
be completely fully honest about every
single product that I put on my face so
I completely hate it and I completely
this like it now I'm thinking back that
it sounds like I'm telling you guys that
people who have bloggers mail or our
sponsor or Liars they're not a lot of
them are very honest about it but I just
I never want to have that doubt because
I know for me personally I'm like well
you were sent that for free would you
have tried it otherwise you know what I
mean like would you have tried it if you
were just that you know I know I'm not
trying to start fights or you know spew
hate or anything like I completely
support everybody that does that I'm
just for me personally I don't want to
do that on my channel so long rant over
please do let me know if there are any
products that you want me to try or
would like to see you try another thing
that I want to point out is that I and
only its its word to say that I'm only
now starting to embrace this but I'm a
little only now starting to embrace that
I'm just I'm I have a really dark dump
dark skin complexion and a lot of
natural beauty brands just don't have my
skin type that's a type my skin color
and um yeah I want to talk about that
Marlon
like finding options as a darker darker
oh my god English I'm gonna wrap this up
soon because I'm starting to just rant
them are you starting to not speak
English properly I want to talk about
more you know things that are going to
work for my sink as some of you might
have darker skin tones like me and I
feel like a lot of women in natural
beauty scene are of a god this is
sounding really bad but they're just you
know they're lighter skinned there are a
lot more options I find a lot more
options for lighter skinned people than
I do for darker skinned people and you
know that's looks really costly I would
like to find himself that matches me
perfectly not saying all brands are like
I like that I'm just saying a majority
of them are at least the majority that
I've seen so if I'm wrong definitely let
you know I you know I'm completely open
to this completely okay whatsoever so
yeah this is really shoddy and I think
I've talked a long time so I just want
to let you guys know that I love you and
I'll see you in the next video